[Data Explorer] Allow render from View directly, not from Data Explorer (#6167)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards: CHANGELOG.md

- [Chrome] Introduce registerCollapsibleNavHeader to allow plugins to customize the rendering of nav menu header ([#5244](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/5244))
- [Dynamic Configurations] Pass request headers when making application config calls ([#6164](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/6164))
- [Discover] Options button to configure legacy mode and remove the top navigation option ([#6170](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/6170))

> - [Performance][Discover] Remove double render ([#6167](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/6167))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent unnecessary rendering of the Data Explorer ([#6167](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/6167))
```
